-♪ Name that song
♪ Name that song challenge ♪
-Now, tonight I'll be facing off
against a very worthy opponent.
He is an 11-Time Grammy Award
winner.
And his new movie
"Despicable Me 3"
is in theaters on Friday.
Give it up for
Pharrell Williams!
[ Cheers and applause ]
[ Convsering indistinctly ]
Oh, my goodness!
That's what I'm talking about!
Pharrell Williams!
There's no one else like
Pharrell Williams.
Oh, man.
I'm happy you're here.
Welcome back.
-Thank you, thank you.
-Here's how it works.
The Roots are gonna start
playing a song,
one instrument at a time.
Pharell and I can buzz in
and guess
as soon as we know the song.
But if you guess wrong,
your opponent gets a chance
to steal, okay?
You can play along at home.
Roots,
let's hear the first song.
Do you want to test out
the buzzer to see if it works?
[ Ringing ]
We're good.
[ Laughter and applause ]
Let's do the first song.
Here we go.
♪♪
[ Ringing ]
-Ah!
-a-ha, "Take On Me."
-Yes.
[ Dings ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
[ Laughing ]
[ "Take On Me" plays ]
[ Vocalizing "Take On Me" ]
It was about to happen.
-It was.
-It was about to happen.
That was great, man. Whoo!
-Good job.
[ Laughter ]
-Man, oh, man.
One of my favorite videos
of all time, too.
[ Laughter ]
Yes, we're ready.
Next song.
♪♪
[ Ringing ]
Is it Oasis?
-Yeah, yeah.
-"Wonderwall?"
[ Ding ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
-I'm like -- I thought it was!
-I knew that --
[ Nasally ]
♪ Today is gonna be the day ♪
-Yeah!
[ Laughter ]
-Whew!
This is a fantastic game.
Okay.
[ Laughter and applause ]
Are you feeling --
Are you pumped up?
This is awesome, man.
All right.
Let's hear the next song.
-This is not going well.
-No, it's going well, please.
Let's hear the next song.
All right, here we go.
Yeah.
♪♪
[ Ringing ]
Is it M--
[ Laughter ]
-"Sorry."
-That's what I thought. Bieber.
[ Dings ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
-You get your friend
in the audience,
"I'm gonna yell 'Sorry.'"
I thought it was
"La Isla Bonita."
-No, no, no. She was apologizing
for me not
getting the song right.
[ Laughter ]
-That's a good cover-up.
That's a good cover up, yeah.
All right, here we go.
-Got it.
-Let's hear the next song.
You got that one.
♪♪
[ Ringing ]
-Toto, "Africa"?
-Oh, yeah, man.
[ Ding ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
-Come on!
Come on!
Stop, stop, you might
run into something.
[ Laughter ]
Oh, that was good right there.
Oh, man.
-That's my meme for the day.
-[ Nasally ] ♪ I bless the rains
down in Africa ♪
[ Laughter and applause ]
-[ Clears throat ]
[ Vocalizing "Africa" ]
Pharrell, you have to play to
the end. You have to play.
Here we go.
All right, here we go.
Let's hear the next song.
-Two, three, and...
♪♪
[ Ringing ]
-♪ Don't you ♪
[ Ding ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
-That's so --
I thought it was --
[ Laughter ]
Now you're doing, like,
karate moves.
You got two right.
Big deal.
I mean, oh, please.
I thought it was "With Or
Without You" for a second.
I was like
"♪ My hands are tied ♪"
Okay. Oof.
All right. Here we go.
-I'm getting the hang of it.
-This is good, yeah.
This is good, all right.
Let's hear the next song.
-Two, three, and...
♪♪
[ Ringing ]
-"Just Got Paid"?
[ Ding ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
Who, me? Wow.
-"Just Got Paid."
"Just Got Paid."
Oh, please. Oh, my God.
That is so -- oh, my God!
Oh, my -- oh, wow!
Really?
I'm silly. Oh, wow.
By the way.
-Come on. Come on.
-Was that Johnny Kemp?
-Yes.
-"Just Got Paid."
-Or Nsync.
Everone thinks it's Nsync.
But Johnny Kemp did it first.
-I remember.
All right,
this is the final song.
And this is worth 10,000 points.
[ Laughter ]
It's anyone's game
at this point.
Here we go.
And it's been great.
-I'm channeling my David Blaine
right now.
-Yeah, here we go, me too.
You're not gonna spit a frog
out of your mouth, are you?
-No.
-All right, here we go.
-One, two, three, hey!
♪♪
[ Ringing ]
-"Drop It Like It's Hot"?
[ Ding ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
-[ Laughs ]
"Drop It Like It's Hot"?
Oh, my gosh!
That was -- that's insane.
That's insane.
[ Cheers and applause ]
That is insane.
How did you get that?
Pharrell Williams, everybody!
The Roots, everybody!
More with Pharrell
after the break.
Stick around.
The champion right there!
[ Cheers and applause ]